Loops can be used to repeat a block of code a number of times.

A for loop will repeat a code block for a set number of times, and a while loop will run while a condition is true.

A do while loop will do an instruction one time, and it functions like a while loop. It basically says "execute this code, and while this condition is true keep looping back"

Steps a for loop goes through:
1. The init step is executed first, and only once. This step allows you to declare and initialize any loop control variables. You are not required to put a statement here, as long as a semicolon appears.
2. Next, the condition is evaluated. If it is true, the body of the loop is executed. If it is false, the body of the loop does not execute and the flow of control jumps to the next statement just after the 'for' loop.
3. After the body of the 'for' loop executes, the flow of control jumps back up to the increment statement. This statement allows you to update any loop control variables. This statement can be left blank, as long as a semicolon appears after the condition.
4. The condition is now evaluated again. If it is true, the loop executes and the process repeats itself (body of loop, then increment step, and then again condition). After the condition becomes false, the 'for' loop terminates.


https://www.tutorialspoint.com/cprogramming/images/cpp_for_loop.jpg

syntax:

do {
    /* "Hello, world!" is printed at least one time
      even though the condition is false */
      printf( "Hello, world!\n" );
  } while ( x != 0 );
  getchar();

Break and Continue

Two keywords that are very important to looping are break and continue.
The break command will exit the most immediately surrounding loop regardless of what the conditions of the loop are.
Break is useful if we want to exit a loop under special circumstances.

Continue is another keyword that controls the flow of loops. If you are executing a loop and hit a continue statement, the loop will stop its current iteration, update itself (in the case of for loops) and begin to execute again from the top.
Essentially, the continue statement is saying "this iteration of the loop is done, let's continue with the loop without executing whatever code comes after me.

